LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, WELCOME TO
"THE LATE SHOW."
I'M YOUR HOST STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
IT REALLY FEELS LIKE WERE AT A
TURNING POINT IN THE TRUMP
PRESIDENCY.
NOT THE POINT WHERE
HE'S TURNING HIMSELF IN, BUT
STILL.
( LAUGHTER )
YOU CAN FEEL A CHANGE IN THE AIR
RIGHT NOW.
THERE'S ALL KINDS OF NEW,
DAMNING, STUFF-- I MEAN STUFF
YOU SAY IN COURT KIND OF STUFF--
COMING OUT ABOUT TRUMP.
STARTING WITH FORMER TRUMP
LAWYER MICHAEL COHEN, A.K.A.
"VINCENT VAN GOING TO JAIL."
( LAUGHTER )
YESTERDAY, COHEN PLEADED GUILTY
TO PAYING OFF PORN STAR STORMY
DANIELS AND "PLAYBOY" PLAYMATE
KAREN MACDOUGAL TO INFLUENCE THE
ELECTION.
THAT IS A FELONY.
HENCE THE WHOLE JAIL THING.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> AN EASY GAME TO PLAY.
WE HAVE A MAN SITTING IN THE
WHITE HOUSE WHO IS AN
ESSENTIALLY AN UNINDICTED
CO-CONSPIRATOR.
>> HE'S AN UNINDICTED
COCONSPIRATOR.
>> DONALD TRUMP COULD BE
UNINDICTED COCONSPIRATOR ON
THIS.
>> STEPHEN: I THINK WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO UPDATE THE
PRESIDENTIAL SEAL.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: POOR GUY!
>> Jon: JAIL BIRDS!
( LAUGHTER )
>> Stephen: THIS MORNING,
DONALD TRUMP FIRED BACK AT THOSE
CHARGES.
"I NEVER DIRECTED MICHAEL COHEN
TO BREAK THE LAW.
HE WAS A LAWYER AND HE IS
SUPPOSED TO KNOW THE LAW.
IT IS CALLED 'ADVICE OF
COUNSEL,' AND A LAWYER HAS GREAT
LIABILITY IF A MISTAKE IS MADE.
THAT IS WHY THEY GET PAID."
(AS TRUMP)
"I HIRED HIM TO BREAK THE LAW,
BUT IN A WAY THAT WAS LEGAL."
( LAUGHTER )
AND COHEN'S NOT THE ONLY ONE
INVOLVED IN THIS SCHEME WHO HAS
FLIPPED.
SO HAS TRUMP'S CLOSE PERSONAL
FRIEND CHAIRMAN OF "THE NATIONAL
ENQUIRER" PARENT COMPANY, AND
OLD WEST PROSPECTOR ABOUT TO
BURY YOU IN THIS RAP BATTLE,
DAVID PECKER.
YES.
TRUMP'S FRIEND IS NAMED DAVID
PECKER.
( LAUGHTER )
GO AHEAD AND LAUGH.
I KNOW IT'S FUNNY, THE IDEA OF
DONALD TRUMP HAVING A FRIEND.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
SEE, TRUMP MAY HAVE PAID OFF
STORMY DANIELS, BUT YESTERDAY
COURT PAPERS REVEALED THAT THE
ENQUIRER PAID KAREN MACDOUGAL
FOR EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS TO HER
STORY ABOUT HER AFFAIR WITH
TRUMP, AND THEN BURIED IT.
IT'S A PRACTICE IN TABLOID NEWS
KNOWN AS "CATCH AND KILL."
IT'S ALSO WHAT ERIC AND DON JR.
CALL A DAY AT THE ZOO.
( LAUGHTER )
THEY KILL ENDANGERED SPECIES.
THERE'S DOCUMENTATION.
NICE KIDS.
( LAUGHTER )
THIS IS A BIG DEAL BECAUSE UP
UNTIL NOW, IT'S ALWAYS BEEN
MICHAEL COHEN'S WORD AGAINST
TRUMP'S, BUT ACCORDING TO
ELECTION LAW EXPERTS, THIS
ADMISSION BY PECKER, IS "HIGHLY
SIGNIFICANT, BECAUSE IT GOES TO
CORROBORATE."
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT A TABLOID
WOULD PLAY SUCH A BIG ROLE IN
THIS CRISIS?
UP NEXT, THE "WEEKLY WORLD NEWS"
WITH "ELVIS IS ALIVE AND HE HAS
THE PEE PEE TAPE."
( LAUGHTER )
"IT GOT ME ALL SHOOK UP."
( APPLAUSE )
NOW, IN THEIR STATEMENT, "THE
ENQUIRER" PUBLISHER ADMITTED
THAT THE MEETING WHERE THEY
AGREED TO PAY OFF KAREN
MACDOUGAL WAS ATTENDED BY
PECKER, COHEN, AND, "AT LEAST
ONE OTHER MEMBER OF THE
CAMPAIGN."
AND TODAY IT WAS CONFIRMED THAT
THE "OTHER MEMBER" WAS TRUMP.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
TRUMP'S "OTHER MEMBER" IS WHAT
GOT HIM IN THIS PICKL IN THE
FIRST PLACE.
( LAUGHTER )
ALSO, TRUMP'S PICKLE.
A GHERKIN.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Jon: WHAT THE DEAL?
>> Stephen: WHEN HE SAW HE WAS
IN TROUBLE
WITH THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT,
TRUMP APPEALED TO A HIGHER
AUTHORITY: FOX NEWS.
WHERE HE WAS ASKED ABOUT THE
"ENQUIRER" CONTROVERSY.
>> I DON'T THINK-- I HAVE TO GO
CHECK-- I DON'T THINK THEY EVEN
PAID ANY MONEY TO THAT TABLOID.
OKAY?
I DON'T THINK WE MADE A PAYMENT
TO THAT TABLOID.
I WAS ASKING THE QUESTION-- I
DON'T THINK WE MADE A PAYMENT.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"I'M NOT SURE, GOT TO CHECK.
I ALWAYS FORGET WHICH
PUBLICATIONS I PAID TO SILENCE
MY PORN STARS AND WHICH
PUBLICATIONS MY PORN STARS
SPANKED ME WITH."
( LAUGHTER )
THEN THE CONVERSATION TURNED TO
THAT TRAITOR, MICHAEL COHEN.
>> THIS IS SOMEONE WHO
SURREPTITIOUSLY RECORDED
YOU--
>> TERRIBLE.
>> IS NOW KNOWN AS A CRIMINAL
LIAR.
YET THIS IS SOMEBODY WHO WAS IN
YOUR INNER CIRCLE.
>> YEAH, WELL, IT HAPPENS.
LOOK, IT HAPPENS.
I HIRE, USUALLY, GOOD PEOPLE.
>> STEPHEN: (AS TRUMP)
"YEAH, I USUALLY HIRE GOOD
PEOPLE, EXCEPT FOR THOSE DOZENS
OF PEOPLE I'VE FIRED SINCE
BECOMING PRESIDENT.
EVERY BARREL HAS A HUNDRED OR SO
BAD APPLES."
( LAUGHTER )
BESIDES, TRUMP'S LAWYER WASN'T
REALLY TRUMP'S LAWYER.
>> HE DID MORE PUBLIC RELATIONS
THAN HE DID LAW.
>> STEPHEN: WHAT?
BUT YOU JUST TWEETED THAT HE
SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BETTER BECAUSE
HE WAS YOUR LAWYER.
"MICHAEL COHEN WAS THE MOST
BRILLIANT LEGAL MIND WHO KNEW
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ABOUT
THE LAW.
OKAY?
HE'S A CROSS OF ALAN DERSHOWITZ
AND A NARCOLEPTIC RACCOON."
( LAUGHTER )
AND TRUMP KNOWS COHEN'S REAL
MOTIVATIONS.
>> WHAT HE DID IS HE MADE A DEAL
TO EMBARRASS ME.
IN ORDER TO EMBARRASS ME, THEY
CUT HIS TERM DOWN.
HOW MANY PEOPLE WHEN THEY SAY
"LISTEN, IF YOU EMBARRASS THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,
WE WILL GIVE YOU A DEAL."
>> STEPHEN: WELL, IF THEY'RE
GIVING OUT DEALS TO PEOPLE WHO
EMBARRASS THE PRESIDENT, YOU
MIGHT HAVE A CHANCE!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Jon: IT'S A DEAL.
YEAH.
>> Stephen: TRUMP DID HIS BEST
TO BRING THE CONVERSATION BACK
TO COMPLIMENTING HIMSELF.
>> I THINK I HAVE THE GREATEST
BASE IN THE HISTORY OF POLITICS.
I HAVE PEOPLE THAT I LOVE AND
THAT LOVE ME, AND THAT INCLUDES
A LOT OF WOMEN.
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
>> STEPHEN: OH, HONEY... IF THE
DATE ENDS WITH YOU CUTTING A
CHECK, THAT'S NOT LOVE.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
HEY, DADDY, YOU NEED A BASE
TONIGHT?
( LAUGHTER )
BUT WHILE ALL THIS IS BEING
SORTED OUT, TRUMP IS STILL
PRESIDENT.
AND TUESDAY WE LEARNED THAT,
AFTER THEIR MEETING IN THE OVAL
OFFICE, TRUMP TOLD INCOMING
HOUSE SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI THAT
"MEXICO IS GOING TO PAY FOR THE
WALL."
NOW, A LOT OF PEOPLE MOCKED THE
PRESIDENT FOR THIS.
BUT --
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
-- THIS MORNING, HE EXPLAINED
HIS -- I WANT TO SAY LOGIC.
"I OFTEN STATED, "ONE WAY OR THE
OTHER, MEXICO IS GOING TO PAY
FOR THE WALL."
THIS HAS NEVER CHANGED.
OUR NEW DEAL WITH MEXICO-- AND
CANADA-- THE U.S.M.C.A., IS SO
MUCH BETTER THAN THE OLD, VERY
COSTLY AND ANTI-U.S.A. NAFTA
DEAL, THAT JUST BY THE MONEY WE
SAVE, MEXICO IS PAYING FOR THE
WALL!"
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
NO, THEY'RE NOT!
JUST BECAUSE YOU SAVE MONEY
SOMEWHERE ELSE IN A DEAL BETWEEN
THREE NATIONS DOESN'T MEAN
THEY'RE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
FEDERAL BUDGET.
(AS TRUMP)
"LOOK, A COUPON FOR 10% OFF A
SMALL SUB, QUIZNO'S IS PAYING
FOR THE WALL!
MMM, TOASTY."